Some updates to the page (#287)
team8/team8.github.io: README.md

This is the repository for the official Team 8 website. If you want to report a bug, you should create a new issue on the repo and post it on the #web channel on slack. If you are a member of web, make sure you always push to dev or content. 

## How to View:

> Clone the repository. Download Ruby (2.7.8, newer versions like 3.2 won't work.) Then download Jekyll, a framework we use. Using terminal, cd into the repository. Download bundler. Then type in `bundle exec jekyll serve`. Open up Google Chrome and type localhost:4000 in the search bar. 

Reviewer: `````suggestion
Clone the repository. Download Ruby (2.7, newer versions won't work.) Then download Jekyll, a framework we use. Using terminal, cd into the repository. Download bundler. Run the following commands
```bash
bundle install
bundle exec jekyll serve
```
Open up Google Chrome and type localhost:4000 in the search bar. 
`````
